Hahaha, are you kidding me?
You are searching for tigers in Gongting
Then take out one, which is the lowest available scaffold now, worth 1 million watts.
This has no money to check the tiger, the price is useless
It’s a fight over the price
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
Fight, fight
Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight
I'll explain
I can marry Fei me
Hurry up and be an asshole or else
I'm not more polite than you are welcome to join me.
I let the old man become a monk
If I take out one million today
what should you do
If you could spare one million
i can consider
Then I will give you my granddaughter
This is what you said
My family is rich
You take out the courtyard and you don’t know